Xiao Wu Jianguo
Ban self-cultivation
If you don't leave, I will kill your daughter immediately
Shura let my daughter go and I killed myself
If you fuck my daughter half a hair
I promise to make you and everything behind you a hell
Let your men come and take your daughter away
Your daughter is an ordinary person, we have no interest in you at the border for more than 20 years
Killed us for so many years
We just want your head.
Have your men take your daughter 100 meters away
Then you eat this abandoned cultivation medicinal pill
How about we kill you?
Adults, don't take Xiaowu away
Go
Stop regretting
You've killed our brothers all these years 3 million You can't stab yourself three times
Don't worry, there is no poison on it.
You can test
Adults don't
Shaming you is the income of the world's top organizations
You speak and believe in everything
The second knife is still one knife away
Hahahaha
Okay, take the pill in your hand
Lord Shen Yi
Tell my daughter
I'm sorry for her
I'm not a good doll
Ah!
Hahahahaha
He has not cultivated to get on top of him